# song_sample_projects## This document is a brief introduction about song_sample_projects.## comet-testA distributed autotest framework (based on robot framework) to deploy and test container storage system. It deploy test suits onto any number of hosts and start to (create/delete/verify timestamp/verify REST API/migrate to other hosts) docker containers with volumes attached.  For one typical test case, 5 containers each ask for 10 volumes (50 volumes in total) will be created. Containers and volumes will be inspected and verified. REST API to storage metadata/scheduler will be verified. Finally, series of timestamps will be written from container to each volume and verified before all volumes and containers been deleted. The test suit also verify nothing has been left behind.It is mainly written in python and bash. I am still working on a benchmark testing tool which is written in golang. The file is at comet-test/robot/basic/scripts/cbench/cbench.go.## appnetA sample golang backend REST API server to manipulate network configuration. Work with the code on rancher server (to create docker native network) and rancher network agent on each host.## docker_registry_replicationA software module to automatic replicate images between the same namespace (project) of two docker registries. This is useful if a big organization have multiple data centres with multiple private docker registries. It is written with Python, Flask and mongoDB.## nvdiskA disk error detection and remap kernel module written in C. It hooks up linux kernel Scsi_Host and scsi_cmnd structure to monitor every scsi command sent over to low level disk driver. When certain errors been detected, nvdisk will remap this bad block to a good one.