# Event Server for errors

## Usage

Get golang package __github.com/golang/protobuf/proto__  __github.com/gorilla/mux__	 __github.com/nats-io/go-nats__

Build and run.

`go build eventserver.go;sudo ./eventserver
`

## Access point

This error event server support both unix domain socket and ip:port access. 

- `/var/run/storageos/dataplane-notifications.sock`
- `:1337`

## API definitions
    URL                           HTTP Method  Operation
    /v1/errors                    POST         Post a error event to server
    /v1/errors/stat               GET          Return server event statistics
   
## Issues

One issue is that the original notify-error command demo has en error on id. 

`sudo ./notify-error --domain inet --module director --id 0x00000011 --type eCreateThread --subject config --level 3 --message "Hello this is a test"`   

It actually does not support hex format. __--id 0x00000011__ always return 0. In the source code, __atoi()__ is used so --id 123 would work.

Another issue is notify-error cannot hit a handler through unix socket for this server. It only works with ip:port. net.Listener do get messages from the socket but serverMux seems failed to direct it to a valid handler. If I use following command to send a POST to the server, it will hit the handler.

`echo -e "POST /v1/errors HTTP/1.0\r\n" | sudo netcat -U /var/run/storageos/dataplane-notifications.sock`

I wrote tools to debug this issue by send/recieve raw data to/from the socket. The problem is the [Host] field of the http requst header sent by notify-error is not compatible with golang 1.6.2 net/http package which has the following code to check if the [Host] is valid.
 
        func validHostHeader(h string) bool {
        // The latests spec is actually this:
        //
        // http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-5.4
        //     Host = uri-host [ ":" port ]
        //
        // Where uri-host is:
        //     http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-3.2.2
        //
        // But we're going to be much more lenient for now and just
        // search for any byte that's not a valid byte in any of those
        // expressions. 
     
       for i := 0; i < len(h); i++ {
                if !validHostByte[h[i]] {
                        return false
                }
        }
        return true  
        }      

[Host] generated by notify-error command to unix socket has invalid char "/". The event server returns "malformed Host header" for the request.
 __Host: unix:///var/run/storageos/dataplane-notifications.sock__

[Host] generated by notify-error command to ip:port is valid.
 __Host: 127.0.0.1__

The test shows the event server works well with unix domain socket if char "/" been removed for [Host].

I suggest an update for Notify-error command to work with golang net/http package.

## Logs

All log functions has been left enabled for demonstration purpose.

